NARRATOR:
Somewhere,
hidden amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKING]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[BARKS]
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
Today's adventures starts
at the little castle.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Holly, Violet
and Strawberry.
Are you ready
for today's fairy lesson?
ALL:
Yes, Nanny Plum.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Today's lesson is about--
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Who can that be?
[DOORBELL RINGING]
Ah, Ben Elf.
Hello, Nanny Plum.
Is Holly in?
I'm afraid Princess Holly
is too busy
to play with elves
or insects.
[BARKING]
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Gaston.
Hi, Holly.
Nanny Plum's
giving us a lesson.
Do you want to join in?
Yes, please.
Actually,
it's a fairy lesson.
Please, Nanny, let Ben stay.
But Ben's missed
the beginning,
and I don't want to repeat
everything I've said.
But all you've said is,
[CLEARS THROAT]
Today's lesson is about...
VIOLET:
Please let Ben stay.
ALL:
Please, Nanny Plum.
Okay.
As long as Ben just sits quietly
and watches.
I suppose even an elf
might learn something.
Thanks, Nanny.
[ALL GIGGLING]
Oh, so you're joining us too,
are you?
[BARKS]
[ALL LAUGHING]
Now, where was I?
[CLEARS THROAT]
"Today's lesson is about..."
Thank you, Strawberry.
Today's lesson is about
some important fairy rules.
ALL:
Ooh!
Rule one,
fairies must look nice.
Hair lovely,
clothes stylish.
Skin beautifully clean.
[ALL GIGGLE]
NANNY:
Elves and ladybirds, of course,
need not worry
about such things.
Rule two,
fairies should never ever
be without their wands.
[TINKLING]
Who knows why?
Without wands,
fairies can't do magic tricks.
NANNY:
Yes, Ben.
We need wands to do magic.
A fairy without her wand
is like a...
Like a ladybird
without her spots.
[BARKING]
Nanny,
Gaston's a boy ladybird.
Whatever.
The important thing is,
fairies must look
after their wands.
ALL:
Yes, Nanny Plum.
Rule three,
if it's windy, like today,
[WIND WHISTLING]
fairies should be careful
about flying.
As long as I fly low
I'll be fine.
But on a day like today,
no one should fly
above the castle walls.
It's very windy up here.
ALL:
Yes, Nanny Plum.
So, what have we learned?
Fairies should always
look nice.
Fairies must never ever be
without their wands.
[TINKLING]
Fairies mustn't fly
in strong winds.
Very good.
You see?
Even I find it difficult
when the wind is so--
[SCREAMS]
[TINKLES]
Oh, Nanny Plum's gone.
Was that meant to happen?
I don't think so.
[SCREAMING]
[TINKLING]
Nanny's left her wand
behind.
And a fairy
without a wand--
Is like a ladybird
without his spots.
Poor Nanny.
What can we do?
I've got a simple plan.
We find Nanny,
we rescue her,
then we give Nanny her wand.
But we don't know
how to find her.
And we don't know
how to rescue her.
And we're not allowed
to touch Nanny Plum's wand.
Then it's a good thing
I'm here.
I can do all those things
because I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[ALL GIGGLING]
Gaston, find Nanny Plum.
[SNIFFING]
Gaston will sniff her out
in no time.
[BARKING]
ALL: Hooray for Gaston!
[CONTINUES SNIFFING]
BEN:
There's Nanny Plum!
Stage one completed.
Hello!
How did you find me
so quickly?
Gaston followed your smell.
My smell?
For your information,
I do not smell.
Nanny, we've got your wand!
Holly!
You know you're not allowed
to touch my wand.
It could be very dangerous.
But we just wanted
to help you.
And you said
a fairy should never be
without her wand.
So we're here to rescue you
and give you back your wand!
Well, that's very nice
of you all, but--
Stage two, the rescuing bit.
Keep still, Nanny Plum.
I'm going to throw this lasso
round your waist.
Uh... That sounds dangerous.
I think I'll just wait
for the wind to drop,
and then I'll fly down.
Are you sure you don't want
to be rescued, Nanny?
NANNY:
Quite sure.
This isn't quite
what I had planned,
but now
we're all together again,
let's resume the lesson.
[LEAF CREAKS]
Uh, Nanny Plum, are you sure
that leaf
can take your weight?
My weight?
Young man,
I'll have you know
I'm as light as a feather.
Now, where was I?
The last thing you said was,
"Even I find it difficult to fly
when the wind is so--"
[SCREAMS]
That's the sound you made
when the wind blew you away.
[SCREAMS]
Ah, yes.
Thank you, Strawberry.
Even I find it difficult
to--
[SCREAMS]
[NANNY CONTINUES SCREAMING]
Nanny, are you okay?
Uh, yes.
At least I'm dry.
Whoops!
[GRUNTS THEN COUGHS]
Nanny's wings
are soaking wet.
HOLLY:
She can't fly.
STRAWBERRY:
So she's stuck
on that little island.
BEN:
Nanny Plum, are you ready
to be rescued?
Uh, no.
I'll wait for my wings
to dry,
and then I'll fly over
to you.
[CHIRPS]
BEN:
I think that bird's
looking for worms.
[CHUCKLES]
I hope Mrs. Bird
doesn't mistake me
for a worm.
[SCREAMS]
[CONTINUES SCREAMING]
[GRUNTS]
[SQUAWKS]
Oh, Nanny Plum's
in a bird's nest.
I'll be all right, as long
as the eggs don't hatch.
[CRACKING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Oh, dear.
Those baby birds
look hungry.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Oh, bother!
My wings are still wet!
[SCREAMS]
ALL:
Nanny Plum!
It's not pleasant,
but it's only mud.
BEN:
I think it's quicksand.
Nanny Plum is sinking
into the ground.
Uh, Ben.
I'm ready to be rescued now.
Fantastic!
Giddyap, Gaston!
Giddyap! Giddyap!
Keep still, Nanny Plum.
I'm going to throw this lasso
round your waist.
She's too heavy!
Gaston, pull harder!
[BUZZING]
Whoo!
ALL:
Hooray!
Ugh, Nanny Plum.
You smell horrible.
Well, at least no one else
was here to see all that.
[TRUMPETS BLOWING]
My goodness.
Is that you,
Nanny Plum?
Uh... Yes, Queen Thistle.
I'm just teaching the children
a few fairy rules.
Excellent.
And what fairy rules
are you teaching?
Rule one,
fairies must always look nice.
Hair lovely,
clothes stylish,
skin beautifully clean.
Uh... Yes.
I've been showing the children
what not to do.
Rule two,
fairies must never ever be
without their wands.
Uh, yes, yes, Strawberry.
King Thistle doesn't want
to know all the little details.
Quite right.
You seem to have everything
under control, Nanny Plum.
Please carry on.
Thank you, Your Royalness.
[TRUMPETS BLOWING]
Did you notice
that Nanny Plum seemed
a bit smelly?
I thought
it was the ladybird.
Now, where was I?
You had just shouted,
"Whoa! Oof!"
That's the sound you made
as you landed in the mud.
Oof!
Thank you, Strawberry.
Actually that brings
today's lesson to a close.
That was
a brilliant lesson.
Especially
the adventure bits.
I'm pleased
you enjoyed it, Ben.
And thank you
for rescuing me.
Ah, it's nice
to have you back.
[TINKLING]
Hair be lovely
Clothes have style
Skin beautifully clean
Nanny Plum, you look lovely
and pretty again.
Thank you, Strawberry.
Now, children, what do you think
I've learned today?
Um... What to shout
when you fall out of trees
and stuff?
Ha, ha. No, I've learned
it's good to have friends around
when you need them,
whether they are fairies
or elves.
[GASTON BARKING]
NANNY:
Oh, yes. Sorry, Gaston.
Or ladybirds.
[BEN & HOLLY LAUGH]
[GASTON BARKS]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the little castle.
[♪♪♪]
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
QUEEN:
"And then the witch
locked the fairy
"and all the elves
in a big cage.
"'Help! Help,'
they shouted.
"'Hee, hee.
"I'll never let you go,'
said the witch."
Oh, no.
Why did she lock
the children up?
Because the witch
was very naughty,
and the children
were annoying her.
KIDS:
Ah.
"All the chasing around
had made the witch hungry,
"so she ate a moldy old cake.
Chomp, chomp, chomp."
Ugh! Why did she eat
a moldy old cake?
That's what witches eat.
"And she drank
a glass of sour milk.
Glug, glug, glug."
[BOTH GROAN]
QUEEN:
"After that, she fell asleep.
"Snore, snore, snore.
"'She's asleep,'
said the fairy.
"'Quick, let's escape.'
"So the elves broke open
the cage door,
and the fairy princess
got her wand back."
ALL:
Ooh!
"Then, the witch woke up."
[ALL GASP]
QUEEN:
"'Get back in your cage,'
cried the witch,
"but the fairy was already
casting her spell.
"Zip, ping, currant bun
Witches magic, all undone
"In a flash, all the
children were set free,
"and the witch, stuffed full
of moldy old cake,
"couldn't catch them.
The end."
KIDS:
Hooray!
Then what happened, Mommy?
Um... The witch was told off
for being mean and nasty,
and made to wash dishes
for the rest of her life.
KIDS:
Ooh!
Horrible things, witches.
It's a good job they don't
really exist, isn't it?
Oh, but they
do exist.
I know a witch
who lives in the woods.
Really?
Yes.
I can take you to see her
if you like.
But won't she lock us up
in a big cage?
Ha, ha. No.
Witches can sometimes
be a bit naughty,
but only when they get
very annoyed.
Mommy, do you think we should
go and see the witch?
Yes. Why not?
Nanny Plum will protect you.
Then you can see for yourselves
how disgusting witches are.
Come on, then, let's go.
KING: Bye!
QUEEN: Have fun!
BEN & HOLLY:
Bye-bye!
[♪♪♪]
Nanny,
what are witches like?
Are they scary?
Not that scary.
But witches
are a bit smelly.
BEN & HOLLY:
Ooh!
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLE]
And do witches use magic
to do nasty spells?
Witches hardly ever
do magic.
And they're not that good
at magic, anyway.
[HOWLING]
Here we are.
This witch hasn't done a spell
in over a hundred years.
BOTH:
Ooh!
Knock, knock!
WOMAN:
Who's there?
Nanny.
Nanny who?
Nanny Plum.
Oh, Nanny Plum.
Do come in.
What a treat.
A real fairy and an elf.
Yes.
This is Princess Holly
and Ben Elf.
Come closer so that
I can get a better look at you.
See?
She's not frightening at all.
Just a bit smelly.
What's that?
NANNY:
Don't touch anything, children.
Why can't we touch?
Because it's dirty.
What's that?
Don't worry, dear!
I just wanted
to show the children
how a real witch lives.
Oh, I see.
Would you like some rat milk
and worm cakes?
Uh...
No, thank you, Mrs. Witch,
we've already eaten.
Mrs. Witch?
Can we ask you some questions
about being a witch?
Of course.
Anything you like.
Are you any good at magic?
Well, I don't like to use magic
these days because--
I told you.
Witches are no good
at magic,
and they never use it anyway.
What's that?
Mrs. Witch, if you don't
do magic these days,
then what do you do?
I'm retired.
So you don't chase elves
or fairies anymore, then?
[LAUGHS]
No, I just--
Look,
witches don't do anything.
They just smell a bit funny
and make horrible cakes.
What?
As for magic,
they're completely
harmless.
She probably can't even do
a simple transformation spell.
Yes, I can.
Then why don't you change
this horrible wallpaper?
[TINKLING]
That's--
Or make these seats
more comfortable?
[MEOWS]
Stop it, Nanny.
You could make tasty cakes.
I'm warning you.
Or get some new clothes.
If you change
one more thing--
A bit of makeup--
MRS. WITCH:
I'm sorry I had to freeze
Nanny Plum.
She was very rude to me.
I don't think Nanny meant
to be rude, Mrs. Witch.
Maybe not, but she was.
[MEOWS]
Are you going to keep
Nanny frozen forever?
No.
If Nanny says sorry
she can go.
Nanny,
say sorry to Mrs. Witch.
I will not say sorry.
I was only trying
to help you out,
you grumpy old witch.
Oh.
So you won't let Nanny go?
Nope.
We should get help.
Uh...
Is it all right if we go,
Mrs. Witch?
Of course.
You have both been
delightful company.
What's you plan?
We have to get the King.
Yes.
Daddy can tell the witch off.
Then she'll let Nanny go.
Bye-bye.
Uh, bye!
Thank you very much
for having us.
Yes, thank you,
Mrs. Witch. Goodbye.
Bye-bye.
[SLAMS]
Quick! Run!
[♪♪♪]
HOLLY:
Daddy! Daddy!
Nanny Plum made Mrs. Witch
really angry.
And now Nanny's
frozen like a statue!
Oh, dear.
HOLLY: Daddy!
If we don't do something,
then Nanny will stay frozen
forever.
Hm...
We'll never see Nanny again.
How sad.
And there'll be no more
lovely dinners.
No dinners? What?
Nanny Plum, frozen?
BOTH: Yes!
Show me
where Mrs. Witch lives.
[♪♪♪]
Was Nanny Plum rude
to Mrs. Witch?
A bit.
Hm...
Witches can be a little moody.
Are you going
to tell Mrs. Witch off, Daddy?
No. I've got a better idea.
[HOWLING]
Who's there?
King Thistle.
King Thistle who?
Uh...
King Thistle, King Thistle.
Oh, Your Majesty.
You must be the Mrs. Witch
I have heard so much about.
Please let me explain.
About your cleverness,
your kindness and beauty.
Oh.
Not to mention
your wonderful cooking.
Would you like a worm cake?
No, thank you.
I believe you may
have frozen Nanny Plum.
Yes, I have, but--
I completely understand
why you would want to do this.
You do?
Nanny Plum can be quite rude
at times,
but she's really
not that clever.
Yes, well...
I am sure, being as clever
and as kind as you are,
and knowing that Nanny
really can't help herself,
you will let her go
this time.
[STOMACH RUMBLING]
Quite apart from that,
I need Nanny to cook my dinner.
I could cook you dinner,
Your Majesty.
That's very kind of you.
I was just about to boil
some toads in the hole.
But I just need
Nanny Plum back.
I understand.
Just one moment.
[CLANGING]
Say "Thank you for having me,"
Nanny.
Thank you for having me.
Goodbye, Mrs. Witch,
and very nice to meet you.
I'm honored, Your Majesty.
Bye-bye.
ALL:
Bye-bye!
Daddy, you didn't
tell Mrs. Witch off at all.
And you said
Mrs. Witch was beautiful,
when she's ugly and smelly.
Well, Ben, there's a time
for telling someone
they're ugly and smelly,
and a time to be just...nice.
Hm...
Saying nice things
about people
always goes a long way.
It's good to have you back,
Nanny Plum.
Thank you, Holly.
Yes.
What's for supper?
[BOTH GIGGLE]
Oh.
[♪♪♪]